Whoa! Yeah!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Did you guys hang out last night?
Yeah, dude. You should have been with us. We drank a whole six pack with Dylan's dad.
It was my idea.
No way! Did, did you guys, like get drunk and stuff?
I don't remember a thing. I like to ride it out.
You only had a sip, you loser.
Oh.
Dill pickle got scared.
Ha ha.
Don't call me that, Amato.
Woo!
Whoa!
Rebecca, be careful.
Let's run and get, like a 12-pack this time.
I had to be the
lookout. Can't drink when I'm on the job.
Like, your dad's gonna wake up? Uh.
Bell rang, boys.
Whatever,
Mr. Howard.
It's just all a joke to you guys, huh? Let's see how funny these test scores are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Honey, jump off!
Oh!
Dylan, please get back in your seat. Dylan?
Dylan, are you okay?
Dylan!
Is he okay, Mr. Howard?
I don't know. Dylan, buddy?
What's wrong with you, bro?
Dylan, wake up. Hey! Dylan!
Oh, my god! Rebecca! Rebecca, wake up! Rebecca, honey!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Ah, whew!
Dylan, my man. You got to get yourself some new porn.
Want a beer?
I'm on the clock. Where you been?
Out.
Crazy boy. You clean the spark plugs of that Ford with your goddamn
tongue and you can't sweep up in here every once in a while?
And the only one who comes around is you.
Then you should make an effort.
Where you been?
Car wash. Got an extra shift.
Bullshit.
Call them.
Think I won't?
Think you should.
Have you been associated with any known criminals?
No, sir. Have not.
Have you crossed over the state line at any time? No, sir. Have not.
How is the
job going?
It's boring, but it's still mine.
Two months?
Got to be some kind of record.
Anything else you need to know?
I need to know when you're going to slip up and stick your pecker in the grits again.
This may be a dumb question, but what did I ever do to you?
You went into other peoples' houses and took things that didn't belong to you, things that they
worked long and hard for.
And I paid my debt, Giddons. My conscience is shiny and new.
Yeah,
well, how about Bo and Lyle?
Bo and Lyle weren't on that job.
Hm, so the record states. That is real sweet of you
to take the hit for your old school buddies.
Giddons, all due respect, you're not a detective. You're my PO.
And I know that you ride me more than most. Why?
You're
smart. And ain't nothing in this world dumber than a smart guy. A smart man, he sees beyond his
little world and it kind of warps him. So when he makes that wrong move, and you will, it tends to be messy.
Well, maybe there's a side of me you don't see.
As long as you're on parole,
you are only what I see. Now, I'd lock the
doors if I was you. There's burglars and thieves around these parts.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I bet you thought I wasn't gonna make it.
Yeah, I wasn't sure that I was.
Oh, that's right. You
only had 12 hours to change. You should have started last night.
Ha ha, she said gamely.
Well, two of our trustees are gonna
be at the Thomason's.
Do I have to be charming?
No, just be yourself.
Ha ha.
Ha ha. Actually, you need to be a little charming. Just nod and smile and
talk to the wives. It's the Thomason's. Dorothy will be there. You can gossip behind our backs. I promise to turn my back as often as possible.
Is that what you're wearing?
Woo!
Let's go double or nothing. I'll spot you three balls
this time.
All tapped out, buddy.
Come on, man. Don't be a pussy. I know you got some green right there in that pocket.
No, I'm good.
You walk out on the man who's still gambling, you might catch a bad one, boy.
Hey, you starting fights again, Dale? Ha ha ha.
Why don't you rack 'em up, big guy? I'll be happy to take those cash off you.
Come on, man. Let me buy you a beer.
So what you been working on, man?
Dirty cars, mostly.
Yeah? That sounds shitty.
Better work's coming. You know, a lot of businesses going belly up in this economy.
Ready?
Tons of shit just sitting there, just waiting to be picked. And I know you could use the money,
especially if you ever want to play pool again. Ha ha.
Not exactly flush.
Well, hell, let's change that. Hey, can I get a beer for my poor relation?
We'll be seeing you.
You know, Giddons finds out that you and Bo have been chatting, he's gonna send you right back up, you know?
He probably will anyway.
Hors d'oeuvres.
Hi. How are you?
Personally, I think you're a shoo-in.
I don't know, guys. The city accounts will
be a good start, but l still have a hospital to run, you know? I'm just, I'm not sure I'm ready to move on.
We think the man doth protest too much.
Not at all.
You still got four months of protesting ahead of him.
Wait until we start begging before you announce.
Please don't ever start.
A rumor, sweetie. It's an undeniable truth. It might as well be written in print.
What's truth to you is Booth having a thing. He's taking
lovers.
Come on, sweetie.
Paula Dodd.
Dodd? Is she that?
She runs that gift shop,
sells those ceramic things.
Oh yes, thank you.
She's good.
Why'd you tell Tell Audrey Booth?
Oh, she was absolutely crucified.
But she has a right to get off her husband is cheating on her. That's all I'm saying.
Well.
Bah!
Hey, Dylan.
Hey there, Donna.
Want to buy me a drink?
Uh, yeah. Damn.
All cleaned out right now. I mean I would. You can have mine.
Oh, that's okay.
I don't want your cooties.
No, no, no. I've been to a specialist about that, and they turned out to be benign cooties.
So.
Ha ha. Wait, what?
Nothing. It was just a.
So, what's been going on with you?
Oh, just, you know, the usual.
Hey, you working?
Yeah, yeah, I'm over at the uh, National Car Wash
still.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Heh.
OK.
Uh, uh.
Well, see you.
Okay, yeah. Let's
just talk later.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll see you around.
Alright.
Okay.
Good talking to you.
Hey, Eddie.
Ooh, yeah!
Ha ha.
No, it's the best thing in the world,
really. I mean I only took the class because Dorothy was taking it.
And for the naked men.
And for the naked men, of course, but now it's really an
obsession. The drawing, I mean.
Ha ha.
What about you, Becky? Do you ever think about taking classes?
Oh, I, I did take a painting class for a while, but I'm really no good.
Well, you're not out to make a living, sweetie. Drawing
would be good for you. It clears out the cobwebs. I mean not that you have got any cobwebs.
Oh!
Oh, my god.
On the street. You walked
away when I was on the street.
Hey, you boys keep it light now.
Let's go talk. Outside, come on!
You alright?
Yeah, I didn't see him coming.
Well, he knocked the living piss out of
you, man. You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Let me pour you a beer on the house. How about it?
Okay.
I'll pass, Wayne. Thanks.
Rebecca?
Is she okay?
I'm sorry, sorry, I'm fine.
Oh, my god.
Hey.
Oh.
Hit him
again. Hit him again.
You made your point, guys.
Oh.
You're welcome.
Ha ha.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Give me
a little warning next time you're gonna have another seizure, okay? I mean honey, it really was quite a show.
It was a muscle spasm.
I guess.
It hurt a lot. For a second, I,
it felt like somebody hit me.
The look on your face, Becky, it was a little much, you know?
Even for someone with a muscle spasm.
I just, I guess for a second, I was worried this was the beginning of another.
It's not.
Okay. I'll give you a shoulder
rub when we get home.
It doesn't hurt anymore.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[Phone Ringing]
Hello?
What? What time is it? Oh, shit!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Oh, shit!
Hello.
Hi.
Anything in particular?
No, I'm just stocking up.
[Humming]
[MUSIC PLAYING].
Look out!
Fuck!
What?
What? What?
Who is that?
Who said that?
Stop it.
Ma'am?
Who said that?
Stop this!
Stop this! Stop it!
Ma'am, your bag.
Uh oh. Oh, shit.
Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop. Stop, stop, stop.
Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it.
What is this? What's going on?
Stop it. Stop this. Stop it.
Hey, shut up!
Can you hear me? Who are you?
I'm
sorry.
I'm sorry? What am I sorry about? What did I do?
Who are you?
I asked you that.
I'm looking at a store window. Am I looking at a store window?
Yes, I am.
Uh, are you me?
No, no, no, no. You're in my head. You're in my head.
I'm having, I'm losing. Oh, god. I'm so scared.
Where am I?
What?
Uh, you're on the road. You're on a road. There's
a truck. I don't understand. What does the truck mean?
Well, that means I have a truck.
It's my truck. I have a truck.
You have a truck.
Yeah. Wow, what do you have?
What? Oh, I have
a Range Rover.
Nice, safe.
Heh.
I can see out there. I see here too.
It's like one's close and one's far away. I just focus and
I can see what's here or what's in my head.
This ain't your head, lady. This is New Mexico.
Wait, you're real. You're a real person.
Oh, that's the sweetest thing anybody's said to me all day.
I don't understand this.
It's cold. Wait, are you cold there?
Yeah. It's um, it's almost winter.
I can feel it. Oh, this is too crazy.
And I can hear you like
I can hear myself.
Where are you?
If you're not in my head, then where are you?
Exeter, New Hampshire.
New Hampshire?
Get out of here! Wait a minute. What time is it? You know, what, what day?
Um,
it's Thursday, the um, 24th.
Okay, well that's today I think. Do you have a watch?
Yeah.
Oh, my god.
You're in the future. You're two hours in the future!
No. I'm in a different time zone.
Oh, yeah, right.
Could you hear my thoughts?
I don't know. Uh, think something.
Okay. What should I think about?
I'm not allowed to tell you.
Right. Okay.
You know, I, I got nothing.
I'm thinking about new sneakers.
Okay.
That's a weird one. Uh, alright. Well, hey, what if we just both. Rebecca, you alright? Hello? You there?
Hi. Chee, Chief Booth.
You okay?
Yes.
I'm fine. I'm so sorry. I think I fell. I think I'm
Did you hurt yourself?
No. I think maybe I had
bad clams or something. Um, are you, how are you? How's Audrey?
She's good.
She's great. Are you, are you sure you're alright?
Yeah, I'm, I'm great. I'm great. Maybe if you just um,
walk me to my car to be sure.
Absolutely.
You know.
Where are you?
I think I'm parked right over here.
Are you sure
you're okay?
I'm totally fine.
Are
you there?
Wow. Uh, guess we got disconnected.
Yeah,
someone came and I had to cut you off.
So, wait, how?
I mean I could feel you trying to come in. It was
um, this kind of swimmy feeling at the back of my head, but I could stop it.
That's good to know.
Yeah. Um, I can't talk here. People are um, staring at
me.
Right. Yeah, and assuming I still got a job, I need to get to it, but I mean we got to talk about all this.
Okay.
Later, though. Um, 7 o'clock?
Okay. Well, wait. That's uh, that's five the time I'm still at work.
Say, 10? 8, 8 for me?
Yeah, great, fine, okay.
Okay. Uh, and if, you know, it doesn't
work for some reason, then uh,
It was nice meeting you.
Hey, it's snowing.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey, hey, hey. On top.
Oh, my god. It's almost time.
Why, yes, it is.
Is it, is it some cause for excitement?
No, no, no, no. It's just we ate so late.
Yeah, I told you it was gonna
be a long day.
Yeah, I know. No, I was just, I just meant, I just meant you must be tired and thinking about going to bed.
Well, I'm not. Is that okay?
Of course!
Good.
Actually um, there
was a show I wanted to, to watch.
Oh, yeah, that sounds fun for you.
Oh, my god. Ah.
Well, yeah, hi. Ha ha. Oh boy, did I not expect this to work. I
thought I was just.
I know. I did too.
Oh, man. Okay. Well uh, heh, I just,
I spent all day just trying to think why this could be happening.
So, did you come up with anything?
Well, you know,
one thing did occur to me. Are you, by any chance, Satan?
No. I'm, my name is Rebecca.
That's,
wow, I didn't even think of that. I'm Dylan.
Dylan. That's nice.
That's a nice room. Uh, is this your place?
Uh, yeah, this is my house.
I mean it's my husband's.
Your, oh, you're married? Yeah, why not? I mean got a name, could be
married too. Did you tell him about it?
Um,
no. I uh, ahh, I, I just wasn't sure, um.
Yeah, I mean, I, I
maybe it's better if you don't right away. I don't know, this is as hard enough to believe if it's happening to you.
Yeah,
I'm gonna wait. Wait, so,
this is your house?
No, it's, yeah, yeah it is but uh, it's a little messy, heh.
It's kind of the maid's decade off. Ugh.
Wait, what are you doing?
It's better
this way. You shouldn't have to, ahem. I don't really have girls over too much.
Oh my god,
I have to ask you, did you um, did you get hit last night on the
shoulder like, like, really hard?
Yeah, I sure did.
Hah.
Yeah, some bitch was, like, came at me.
With a pool cue. I,
I know, I was there. It was all so, at this dinner party.
[television] The most impoverished patients among us with transforms in health care.
Hahaha.
Tried to fend him off.
Becky?
Hi, sorry.
It's Vicky Madden.
Sss.
I was just telling her about my smooth move last night.
Oh, you must tell it really
well.
Yeah, what was that? Ugh, god, yes, the kids sound amazing.
I can't believe that.
That was very smooth.
Thank you Vicky.
So, that was your husband?
Oh yeah um,
yeah that's Phillip.
Good looking guy.
Yeah, doctor, he runs the um,
hospital here.
Oh, professional man, hahaha.
Yeah,
I should probably go.
Oh, oh well uh, do you want to talk again tomorrow?
Okay, but after Phillip goes to work. You're not, like, planning on getting hit again,
are you?
Well, let's see, it's not in my book.
Hehe.
Nah, that wasn't a thing anyway. The worst I ever took was,
oh my god.
What.
Let me ask you something, did you
ever go sledding? Did you ever go sledding and get really hurt?
I hit
a tree.
Jesus H. God! I got knocked out cold. I mean I, I
must have been out for more than a minute.
I still have the scar. Dylan,
that was 20 years ago.
I'll be damned.
[Music Playing]
I got 12 stitches and my mom
never let me go sledding again. Not that I was all that keen to.
Hey, what about
when you were, like, I don't know, maybe 16? I mean, you were all torn up about something. I wanna say it was, like, the
dead of summer and, I mean, it must have been a killer because I must have been crossed eyed for a month.
Oh, that is so embarrassing.
What?
I can't tell you it's um, too personal.
Oh, come on, you got to. You owe me
a whole July.
That was ah, Walter,
my first boyfriend. I was so in love with him. He was 20, you know? I don't know, we
went out for, like, two months and then he broke up with me right after we, you know.
Oh, oh,
no wonder.
Yeah. I mean, like, right after.
Ugh, what a
dick.
Sorry if I uh, ruined your summer.
No, it's cool
I was, you know, pretty used to having, like, weird moods and, you know, stuff I couldn't really explain.
Yeah, me too.
I pretty much thought that you were PMS.
Yeah, a lot of people get us mixed up.
Hahaha.
I remember some other stuff too. Uh, I don't know, I guess it's all kind of personal, like, your mom.
Yeah, that figures.
You were in college, right?
Yeah,
she wasn't ever very well. She was like me kind of? Um,
not much of a physical specimen. Dylan, there's something,
didn't make any sense to me at the time but, you know, I always felt like there was someone with me. You know,
just like a feeling. I felt it um, more strongly than ever after she died.
It helped. Did you ever feel that way?
Why don't you tell me?
I remember your first night in prison.
Oh, yeah,
right. Time to come clean.
What'd you do?
I uh, just
good with locks, not that good with silent alarms. Got two
years. In, in with mostly lifers.
Yeah, I figured that was mm,
nightmares. It was really terrifying.
Yeah, yeah, I never felt as alone as I did in there doing my bid.
You weren't.
Hey,
haha, Jesus hey.
What!
Go look in the mirror.
What?
Come on! I don't even hardly know what you look like except mostly your hands.
Ahh, um, I'm.
Go on,
show me.
Ah, I, you know uh, why don't you do that?
Cause I asked first.
Well, I'm not doing it unless you do it too.
Okay, but after you.
I'm not even dressed.
Well, come on, whose fault is that? Lazy bones. Let's go.
Fine.
This is ridiculous, I'm scared.
Aw, come on what do you got to be scared of?
Shut up, you're
scared too. Okay, sigh. I'm going to the mirror now.
God, you are beautiful.
Oh, don't be stupid.
Yeah, no, when I said beautiful, like, I meant, you know, ugly, wart covered, right, what did I say?
Just don't flatter me because I stuck it out in prison with you.
What are you talking about? Hey look, I was having fun being a beautiful
girl there. I was all ready to go buy hats or something. Go back.
No, no, it's your turn.
Hold on, just give me a second.
It's your turn.
Read 'em and weep.
You've got such a nice face.
Nice, huh.
Oh, no. I mean yeah, it is.
Well,
it ain't much but it does cover my unsightly skull. So, that's a plus.
[Music Playing]
Hi.
Hi
No, no, no
it's nothing like that. We um, we actually met when he, when he lectured at my
school. I know, it sounds terrible, but it was really nice. We just got
along great and.
What did you say?
Oh, nothing um, I was, the phone. Uh, did you figure it out? I, I wish I
could describe it better. It was like a, a chugging noise?
Yeah,
Like, a maybe.
I know. What it is, you got a crack in your manifold. They go on you. You need to
replace it.
Okay.
Now, let me check my stock and uh, probably rack you up today huh?
Yeah, that's great.
Excellent.
Thank you.
What year's your truck?
Oh, a, a 2010.
There's no way the exhaust system on a Range Rover would go after
just a few years. Here turn her over. Okay, now go look under the hood.
Like, wha, what, now?
No, after he charges you twelve hundred bucks. Yeah, come on.
Okay, what are we looking at?
Okay, that sounds like it could just be the sensor got loose. So, that should be over by the ABS.
I
don't know what that is.
Oh, that, that, that, that boxy thing there.
Okay, over here?
Mmm, no. Okay, try the other side.
Over here?
Uh, it's like a
multi-prong thing. You're looking for, like, a multi-prong plug in thing. See that? Yeah, yeah, that's it.
What do we do with it?
Yeah, look, it's loose. Plug it in. There's your problem right there. Hah.
The sound stopped.
Yep.
That's it?
That's it.
I fixed it.
Yes you did darlin'.
Hey, we're in luck, I can take you today.
We are in luck. The intake and exhaust manifolds are both fine. The
um, uh,
Sensor.
sensor just needed tightening.
I don't think that's going to do you much good in the long run. But, yeah,
I can take care of it for you.
No, that's alright. I already did it. Thanks Dan.
And they put me in prison.
[Music Playing]
Kershaw, so, how's the auto cleansing business treating you?
Actually, I've been thinking about
looking for some new work.
Who with? Bo, Lyle?
I wanna see if I can't scare up something better. I mean, I ain't gonna quit or nothing,
not 'til I'm sure, but.
What's with you? You got a funny look.
What?
You look like you're about to kiss me.
Well, I mean, when the light hits you like that, something about your head.
Well, solicitation is a crime. So, what's going on Kershaw?
Nothing's going on.
For such a smart man you are a piss poor liar.
I met someone.
Well it is, yeah. You're getting your pecker waxed, huh? She know you're a con?
She
doesn't seem to mind.
Oh, you got you one of them classy women.
You'd be surprised.
Nothing you do
could surprise me. Over there.
I like that you told him you had a girlfriend.
Yeah well, some people will believe anything.
Come on, you've had girlfriends.
Nothing that lasted more than a few days. Just not good with women.
What about
your man needs.
Becky! You got a mind like a sewer.
Haha.
Shoot.
Move the other 6 back and then you can move that one over.
No dummy, that's cheating.
It's not
cheating, it's creative.
It's no fun to cheat. It's no fun if you win.
Only reason you don't cheat is cause
you're afraid someone will get mad. Can't always do what you're told darlin'.
Spoken like a true convict.
I'm sorry.
What, no, no, it's yeah, it's okay. I,
I got no right to be touchy, it's all true.
Oh, hey uh, I think I figured it out. You know,
why it happened or why we opened it up when we did.
Really?
Really.
Why?
Why not?
What up Dill Pickle?
Uh, I gotta go Becky. I got
something I gotta do.
Okay, I'll see you.
Grooming Tech Supply, the bitch is ripe Dylan.
Is it?
You know our cousin Adam, the one who beat that aggravated
assault charge against a 7-11 clerk?
Kicked his lard ass all up and down the freezer section?
He's been working maintenance in the office park. He says Grooming
is empty as church service on a Super Bowl Sunday. Here's the best part, no silent alarms.
Don't it just make your
heart sing?
I don't know. I mean, you know Giddons is just drooling for me to make a move like this.
Ah, don't worry about Guiddence, he'll sleep through it. Your end is two hours at most.
You open up the pearly gates we handle the rest. You don't want to be seen with us. Yeah, I get it, I get it man. Hell, we'll
mail you your cut.
I could use some walking around money.
Yeah, but this is more than just walking around money we got a fence lined up in Wilbur Field,
it's gonna buy the whole lot. Your parole gets through, this is you setting up in a new town
like a proper man.
All you gotta do is keep your pretty trap shut, Dill Pickle. Who's ever gonna know?
I don't know, I just, ain't exactly good timing for me.
Look, what else you gonna do, man? You just gonna wax a bunch of Caddies?
Dylan, this was your idea. When you got out you asked for some action, something to get back on your feet, something safe. Now,
this is way the hell out in Bedlow and all that equipment is just sitting there. It ain't nobody's, it's going to rust. There's no
victim here.
Just a true convict.
Dylan, we let you in on this because you asked. Now, I don't like you knowing
if you don't have a stake in it. We'll be waiting on you boy.
Catch you soon Dill pickle.
[Music Playing]
Hey.
Oh, what's up. Sorry, you startled me.
Sorry.
You know how I
get in these places.
Yeah, I do, which is why I'm surprised to see you here. Everything alright?
Yeah, everything's fine. I was
around and I had a wild notion you might be free for lunch?
Uh, I.
It's a pretty wild notion.
Look, I, I still got my doctor's cap on I'm afraid, um. Maynard's here to discuss his research program.
Oh,
the um, the schizophrenic narcother?
Narcotherapy, it's a big word hun.
Oh, which reminds me, next week is the big fund raiser, so don't put us down for anything.
Okay.
Okay, good.
Excuse me.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Dennis.
Hello.
You remember my wife, Becky?
Oh yes,
nice to see you again.
Doctor Maynard.
Do you two have plans?
Oh, no um, I just
need to remember to call ahead first if I'm going to be spontaneous.
Hehe.
I see.
Okay,
I'll just leave you guys then.
Okay, I, I shouldn't be late for diner.
Okay and um, I'll see you Thursday at the fund raiser.
I look forward to it.
Mmm.
It's hard to tell right off.
Yeah, I wish you could have spent more time with her. It's, I didn't know she was coming.
Well, I see what you're talking about. Her,
her body language is very protective, very concealing.
Mm hmm.
She's deeply uncomfortable.
It's odd.
Yeah, she's always been skittish,I d, I just, I don't know.
Wait, wait, who's this guy?
That's my friend Mike, his mufflers been busted for eight years so everyone knows what he's doin'.
And that is Bob Breezy. We call him, yep, Breezy Bob.
Okay so, it's not brilliant but.
Yeah, ahem. I uh, actually worked with him once on a highway job, he's
got a real interesting smell.
Hahaha.
Got a problem buddy?
Tell him to go fuck himself.
No,
Go fuck yourself dude.
No, nope,
no problem at all.
Such a wimp.
What, you like it when we get hit?
Hey, who's that? She's hot.
Yeah that's Donna, she's a nice girl.
She's a nice girl. Is she married? She got any stories?
Not to hear it.
Wait,
she's waving.
I know.
You guys are friends, ask her out.
I'm not gonna just ask her out.
Dylan, don't be a wuss, you know you want her.
Shut up.
Look she's coming over. What is this strange power you have over women?
If you don't shut up I'm gonna
shut you out.
You better not, not when our girlfriend's here.
Hey Dylan.
Come to me wench.
Hey Donna.
Hey,
Are you, are you uh, here alone?
Oh, Jenny's supposed to be coming, but. Haven't seen you around
much lately.
Haven't been around.
Duh, say you like her shoes.
Uh, I like your shoes.
They, they're, they work.
I can't believe you noticed them. I got them on sale. They pretty much go with everything I own.
See? You compliment them on something they did or bought, not their eyes or something they were born with. That's how they know that you like them.
You like their taste, you like their.
Shut up.
Hmm?
Oh, I just hate this song.
You're
joking. This is, like, my favorite song.
Oh, I know, I just have heard it just so many times.
Oh yeah, that's true, they do play it a lot.
Ahh, ask her out. Ask her out. Ask her out.
Say, Donna, I was thinking
uh, are you, are you busy Tuesday night?
I'm busy most nights.
Oh, mm.
What'd you have in mind?
Oh, I just thought
that uh,
I could cook for you. I could cook for you.
I could cook you dinner?
You cook?
Yeah, I mean uh, well, a thing or two. What do you like?
Um, well, I like steaks,
big steaks.
Alright, alright, yeah, I could uh, I'll fix you up. A rare steak with a fancy sauce
and trimmings for days. I could, if you're not too busy.
I am so smooth.
Tuesday I'm seeing my mom, but I think Thursday
I'm free.
Done, dinner at 6:30.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm busy Thursday night.
You're not coming.
Agh.
Jenny's here. So, 6:30.
6:30.
Okay gotta go. See you. Hey.
Phillip and I have a fund raiser Thursday night you dope.
Yeah, what, you think I want you coming on my date telling me how to kiss and stuff?
Who made you ask her out? You couldn't even
talk to her. You're nothing without me.
Still not coming.
I made you and I can break you.
Hahaha.
Mmm.
[Music Playing]
This event is going to be so great for your Narcotherapy project.
A charity donation is just like any other
investment. You want to know your money is being put to good use.
Wow, you, you know, I can't think of a better place to put your money than in the research
fund.
Well, of course you can't. Your husband's on the board. Hahaha.
Hahaha.
You know, you're right. The
people are always the best. Real lump in the throat stuff, these hospital charities. Give me cripples every time.
Uh,
these are psychos not cripples. But, you know um, would you mind, excusing me just a minute?
Uh, uh.
How's it
going?
What?
How's it going?
Oh, I'm fine. Yeah, why? What do you want?
Nothing, I'm just checking in, seeing how it's going.
Ah, everything is great.
The sauce is burning.
Phh, this is nuts. I haven't cooked anything that didn't take microwave instructions since, ever.
Okay, smell this.
Ah, what is that, rosemary?
Yeah, too much?
No, no, it's a little thick tough.
Yeah, it said it's supposed to be thick.
Yeah but just maybe not, like,
as thick as a brick.
What. Oh, you hate this shirt.
No it's, it's.
Aw, this is the wrong shirt.
Women everywhere revile this shirt.
Dylan, maintain, the ties a little rodeo. But it's gonna
be okay.
Yeah, easy for you to say. How's your money dinner?
Ugh, you know, stuffed shirts anonymous. I just have to worry
about not falling asleep.
Shit.
Hey you're gonna be great. Good
luck.
Thanks.
Hi.
Hey there.
Good, how are you? Welcome to. Oh, shit.
Hold on.
Okay, everything, no that's good. Yeah, that'll be great, yeah. Come on in.
Okay
Never seen your place before.
haven't? I thought, you you weren't out here for the 4th?
I don't think so.
Oh, I thought you were.
Nn.
Yeah,
I had a barbecue. It's kind of my own concept, barbecue on the 4th of July.
Lots of people do that.
Uh, I uh, oh, I li, I really like like your, your shoes.
You got a thing for feet? Dated a guy like that once, real weirdo.
No,no I don't. Uh, would
you like, can I get you something to drink? I did uh, pick up some red wine, if you like?
Oh, you got a beer?
Oh yeah, yeah, definitely. I'll take one of those, actually.
Here.
Thanks. It's a twist, yeah. Cheers.
Cheers. So, you really
cook and everything?
Now and then.
Eww, heh, what's this?
It's a sauce.
Heh, that smells kind of crazy.
Ugh,
bimbo.
Well, it's not for tonight, heh.
Okay.
Yeah, I don't like my steaks all fancy. Just burnt black with tons of ketchup.
Mmm.
Ugh,
figures.
Figures what?
Sorry?
Uh, I thought you'd spoken.
Oh
gosh, I, I , maybe I did. I think I was. Woa!
Shhh. Oh. No.
Hot, hot.
Ya, shit, oh.
In the sink.
Ooh.
Put it in the sink
God, dang it.
In the sink.
Ow.
Ahh! oh.
There, happy now?
Me?
Maybe you better go wash that off honey.
Stay out of this Phil.
Oh god, I'm so sorry.
Uh, yeah, why don't you go to the bathroom and
collect yourself.
I'm so sorry. Uh, you're right, honey.
It's okay, it's okay.
You guys okay?
yeah, yeah.
Did you get anything on you?
No, I'm fine but, is she alright?
Yeah, she's fine.
She's fine.
Who's Phil?
Just give me a second.
Okay.
What did you think you were doing?
I told you not to come along anyway. I had everything
under control.
You had everything on fire.
Yeah well, that's the way I like it.
Sure, burnt black, tons of ketchup.
It's none of your business what
she eats you yuppie snob, that's my date.
Hell, well, you know, you sure know how to pick 'em.
What's the matter? Are you
jealous?
Hahaha, no. I'm not jealous.
Then butt out!
Why don't you make me?
Just make me.
You think I won't?
Yeah, sure, try.
Ahh.
There.
That's all you got?
Uh huh.
Stop it.
Did it again. Did it again.
Dylan, stop, stop it.
I won't no, not going to. I won't.
Hey Donna,
Hey,
Hey. I just uh, put on some aftershave. Heh, just
freshen up a little.
I'm gonna go.
Donna!
Dylan?
Donna wait!
I was just making a joke. I was just putting on aftershave.
[Sigh]
Ugh.
You are going to speak to me
again before we die, right?
What do you want me to say Rebecca? Thank you, I'm so glad you made us look like idiots.
You didn't even apologize to Doctor Maynard.
I don't like Doctor Maynard. He always looks at me like he's trying to guess my weight.
He was trying to raise
money for an important project I happen to be involved with.
Phillip I can't say what hapenned.
I think, maybe I dozed off for a second. I was confused. Haven't you ever
done that?
That's not it. I mean, that may be true but
something is happening to you and I don't know if it's what happened before, or
It's not,
not.
believe me.
Okay, then what? What?
I don't know Phillip sometimes, sometimes you just look
at everything and it's all just different. Do you know?
Yeah, I do. They
call that puberty.
No, it isn't just then. It never stops. It's like um,
like shedding your skin.
That, that what you're doing?
Shedding?
Yeah, I guess, sort of.
Shedding me?
Ahh, no.
No.
[Music Playing]
Sigh.
Hey.
Hi.
I'm really sorry. I know, I messed it up, I know.
No, no, it's cool. I would have
messed it up myself anyway. You just saved me time.
Give yourself a little credit. That girl really likes you.
Well, if she did I think
she got over that pretty quick when she caught me talking to the little man inside my head.
Sigh, yeah, right.
It's just sometimes when I'm with you I forget myself.
You feel funny.
What?
Don't you
feel funny? Like, not, not a fever but.
Oh, I um,
I was uh, previously engaged in a certain kind of activity, and um.
Nope, hah,
oh, uh. Well, you smell nice,
kinda sweaty. Sorry, that uh, that was out of
line. I didn't uh.
I should go.
Okay um, look I'm sorry about tonight.
Yeah me too.
Well, good night.
Good night.
Haha. Okay well, wait here comes the good one.
Number seven, how does your partner rate as a lover?
Pass.
No wait.
Pass. Pass. Pass. That's none of your
your business.
Of course it's my business. Hush up. You describe your love making as A. Wild animals. B. Sweet
and slow. C. At least he tries. D.
Who's he talking to?
I don't know.
Um,
B uh, A. No, no, yeah. B?
Okay, if you
say so. Nine, how often do you and your mate.
No, pass.
Why?
Pass.
Come on, this isn't going to work unless.
Turn up the radio.
Oh, you like this?
Yeah,
I love this song.
Oh yeah, I remember this.
[Music Playing]
I'm crumbling.
I wake up and you're not there
I call all my friends tell 'em I don't care. I'm so
cool baby and debonair. I'm crumbling
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Ahem.
Hehehe
Hey,Phillip.
Hello.
Hi,
is this more uh, shedding?
No, this is dancing.
Uh, yeah, it is. Uh, okay um.
I'll see you.
So, what brings the party down here?
I, I was just looking for my old photo albums. I thought they were in the
corner.
Uh, yeah. Yeah, la uh, last time I saw them they were. God, I hope Brigitte didn't throw them out.
No, that doesn't make any sense. She would ask.
Hey, you know, I ran into Dianne. She said you were going to do the
painting class.
The drawing class.
The drawing class yeah.
Yeah I don't have to.
What? No, I think that's great. You know, get
you out of you, the cellar.
Why would Brigitte throw out my
photos?
No, no, I'm not saying, just, you know, whatever, by accident. What do you want with them anyway?
Nothing I just wanted to show them
to, to ,to um, myself, look at them.
I mean,
I, I'm not saying don't find them. It's a healthy thing. That's good. And actually, I, I, I can help you look for them. I, I have my uh, council
meeting at six. But um, you know, it won't kill me to be a few minutes late.
Yes it will.
Thank you for knowing that about me.
Hey, is my uh, gray shirt clean?
Yeah, oh, yeah, I'll check.
Thank you.
Everything come out alright?
You're drunk.
I ain't had hardly nuthin' to drink.
But give me time partner. I got wine on my damn pants.
What's Phillip gonna think?
Where is old Phillip?
Meeting.
Have I given you the tour of my luxurious home?
Yeah, you have.
I like a modern entertainment
center. The perfect addition to every home.
Hey, did you find the pictures you were going to show me?
Mmm, ahh.
They're gone.
Well, wait a minute, what happened?
I have been through the entire attractively
furnished house. Maybe the maid ate them or maybe my husband slipped them
into the trash.
What, are you serious? Why the hell would he do that?
Because he knows me.
Phillip takes care of me.
That's not ta, that's. That sucks.
He's not being mean.
He knows how funky I get sometimes looking through that stuff.
Doesn't matter anyway. I know them all by heart. There's my mom when she's little.
She has my eyes, blue gray with flecks of panic. And here's mom teaching me how to
swim.
Hmm.
Notice how I'm grafted to her arm. Not a success.
And there's a picture of a pony, hehe, I don't know why it's in there. Who it belonged to but
there it is anyway. And there's my dad.
Scariest man who ever lived. Grownups were scared of him.
All they ever taught me was how to be afraid. And I went out and found
the copingest man alive so he could take care of me,
so he could get rid of the past. Chipping away at it.
All my little quirks and insecurities until
voilà, nothing left.
Ha!
Nothing like a little truth to sober you up, huh?
Tell you about my family. I got a brother uh, named Mitch.
I think he lives down in Louisville now. Moved 1,500 miles away so that he wouldn't have to loan me any more money.
My mom, I just, I put her through so much. By the time I got popped she had stopped
talking to me. She didn't even wait for the trial. I've
never met anyone I didn't disappoint. I mean, the best thing,
the only thing about me that I like, is you.
[Music Playing]
Oh fuck. I wish you weren't so damn pretty Becky Porter.
I know it's dumb and shallow and, I mean, you're a married woman and I'm on
parole. Still, sometimes I think,
just wish you weren't so damn pretty.
[Music Playing]
I want to know what you feel like.
Oh, cut it out, it's good. It's
cool. Look at Diane's.
Haha.
That's a little abstract there darlin'.
Try drawing the nice man.
Hahaha.
Dylan, in my office.
Gotta go darlin'.
Okay, I'll see you.
What's going on Jake?
It's no good.
Is, what is?
It's no good. It doesn't work.
Wait, wait, am I fired?
Okay, you, you are me Dylan, okay? What would you do?
Keep the ex-con who talks to himself all day?
You frighten the customers. Look, next time you get a gig, okay, just let your
imaginary friend stay at home.
Okay.
You gotta start living in the world brother. You, you gotta be
where you at. You understand what I'm saying? Be where you at.
Okay.
I, I'll give you a recommendation if you need one.
I won't lie. But I, I'll, I, I'll say you're honest.
OK.
[Music Playing]
What happened bro?
Hun? I'm your friend.
Oh good. I mean, yes, of course you are.
You can
tell me. You really should.
Sweetie, I honestly, I have no idea what you're talking about.
Not at all?
Well, everybody's concerned. Is something going on?
You can tell me.
There's just really nothing to tell.
Have you been seeing someone?
Oh god no, no, no, no, no, no. I couldn't. I'm married. I would never.
Oh, I meant a shrink. You're having an affair.
Oh.
Oh my god!
No,
You don't have to
no, no, no, no, no
tell me who
no,
Diane.
unless you want to because I'm
Diane, honestly,
very good at keep.
Diane, I'm not, I'm not having an affair.
Or, I mean, never had this conversation. Oh, poor
Phillip. Oh, I didn't mean that.
I'm..
You know what, you don't have to tell me who. That just explains everything.
Explains what?
Mmh, well, I don't mind telling you now that I
know you're not crazy but everybody's talking. Well, you must know that.
Everybody's
talking about me. Why? Don't they have lives?
Well, my lips are sealed. They are Ziplocked.
You don't have to tell me who he is but is it someone I know? Is it so.
Diane, honestly, I'm not having an affair.
Don't.
I'm not, I swear. Okay,
I'm just crazy. [Music Playing]
[Music Playing]
Amazing! That's possibly the greatest game of pool I
ever played.
Hi Dylan.
Oh, man, Queen of the Rodeo. Rodeo Queen huh? What, you came to watch me
make pool history? Oh.
Had a few pitchers, haven't you?
You know, my only
regret is that I gave up my law practice to become a show girl.
Can I pour myself one?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, have a, have a beer.
I'm just gonna find this ball.
So, Wayne says that Jake gave you the can.
Unh.
That blows.
Don't it sister?
Aw.
Where the hell you been hiding at Dill Pickle?
Thank god you've come.
Is it time to do crabs? Yeah.
Haha, yeah man, we've been waiting on you.
Cue ball.
Enough dicking around. Are we going to do this or not?
Hell yes. Let's do it.
Let's do it.
Here's the address. Need you to roll out there, check the place out. We go in Thursday night.
Let's do it now. Let's do it now. I mean, what am I waiting for, right? This is what I do. I mean, I'm a criminal
element man type, man. Just like you, like, who am I kidding?
I think you've had enough, Dill. Maybe
want to head home, sleep it off.
Oh no, I want some action. I want some action Jackson. Come on, let's get lost.
Hey, you can be my Moll. Yeah, I gotta have Moll.
See, I got this problem though. It's the Jiminy the Cricket that
is going to get all upset with me. Man, I can't go messing with Jimmy the Cricket. She lives in my head with Mister Cricket. Excuse me, Doctor
Cricket. And what am I going to do when she finds out that I'm just like everybody's saying. What am I going to do then Bo?
You got
voices in your head? Is that what your saying?
You don't believe me? Donna?
He does.
Yeah, I have a world of craziness up here man.
So, you might want to find someone a little more stable to be your rod man. Maybe I'm not your guy. I mean, burglary is a pretty tricky piece of business.
Time to shut your mouth now Dylan.
You know what? I'm getting so sick of everybody telling me what to do.
Alright, step back. You just step back. You too, get the hell out of my bar.
Alright Wayne, put the gun down.
Okay Wayne.
Man, I got a lump on my head
Okay, shut up
the size of Nebraska
shut up Lyle. Shut up. That's okay everything's fine.
Am I bleeding, man?
Everything's fine. Shut up Lyle. I don't care how long we known each other.
You screw this up.
Yo, look at my hair man. Am I bleeding?
Whoa. Yo, my head's gonna be all discolored.
[Music Playing]
Diane, hi. I just got the call that you were here.
To what do I owe this pleasant surprise?
What.
[Music Playing]
Do you recognize it?
That doesn't even look any smaller.
I never came here again.
I was scared. It just felt like there was something
here. Something too grown up,
too real. Do you think this the place I first went nuts or does it go
further back?
Come on, you're not crazy Becky.
I was once. Right after college
before Phillip and I were engaged. I
kind of fell apart. Couldn't deal with being in the world.
So, I spent some time in a hospital upstate,
rehabilitating.
I didn't know about that.
Yeah, you missed that one.
Probably cause I missed most of it too. I couldn't feel anything.
I just laid in bed for three months trying to work up enough
energy to cry. Phillip was with me
through all of it. He read to me. He sat with me. Tried to get me
through it. He probably did.
Sure wasn't me. I'm so goddamn weak.
Becky,
how can you say that. I mean, what you did for me.
Have I made your life any easier? Honestly?
Yes.
You know,
I can't read your mind Dylan but I know when you're lying.
Becky, don't do this.
I can't
live like this. Dylan, Phillip is my husband.
I know you don't like him but I need to be with him. I need to
find him again.
Yeah, you gotta do what you're told, right?
That's not fair.
Fair? I finally,
for once in my life I can see something, something real and then you tell me I gotta give, give it up. So,
how do you come at fair?
I can't be with you and I can't
play at this any more.
It's not a game. It's not something that you play. What am I supposed to do?
You are going to be fine. God, Dylan
you have so much. You,
you blew me away. You know that. You,
I'm never going to forget that.
Couldn't we just.
No.
How do you expect me to just shut you off?
Cause you
love me.
[Music Playing]
Give me a whiskey, neat please.
The
thing is, you come in here and there's always some kind of trouble.
Is that what you hear?
Not two nights ago you were in here doing your little MMA style tango with the Soames  brothers.
They showed up, I left. We didn't associate.
Dylan, this is ain't a goddamn drill, okay. You even got yourself
fired. You're hanging out with known felons and now Lyle is looking to bust your ass all across the desert.
Dennis, look, can you.
No.
No. No. No. Please no.
What's wrong with you?
Please. No, Ahh.
Uuh.
Dylan.
What the hell's wrong with you?
Those bastards.
Who? Bo and Lyle?
You know what I'm looking at right now? A cell.
Hey, hey, you tell me what's going on with them brothers, you won't even have to think about that.
I'll take it.
I mean, I'm looking at it right now. I'm in it.
What?
This is where they put me cause this is where they see me.
Whoa, what, wait a minute, so this when you start blaming the whole world for your crap, is that right?
No, no, this is where I stop.
We ain't finished.
I want you to get better
so stop worrying about everything. Everything is going to be
fine. You just need to be
alone for a while, no distractions. Til you feel yourself
again.
Rebecca,
I love you.
Oh fuck.
Ahh!
Hey, now we both got lumps in our heads. Hmm?
It's Thursday, time to go to work Dill.
I got to be somewhere.
Yeah, and we know where.
You know, I told Bo that we should bust you up and leave you there when we're through. But he's got a code.
Two hours
and comfortable living Dill.
No, I need to be somewhere. I'm asking.
And I'm answering.
We'll worry about the forms later. None of your people will even know she was here.
I'm betting she'll be back to normal in uh, just a couple of months.
Maybe.
[Door Buzzer]
[Music Playing]
Did you see who was driving that car?
Becca? Becca.
Do you hear me? Come on,
answer me Rebecca.
Ah, Dylan?
Jesus Christ,
Rebecca, what is going on?
Phil put me in here. I
think he thinks I'm having an affair?
So, he locks you up? Can he do that?
I don't know.
I'm afraid of him. I don't know what he's gonna do.
No, I ju f, I feel like you're under water, what are they giving you?
Phil gave me these pills. I took them.
He told me to take them so I took them. Uh, do, do you know where you are?
I think it's the um, Hopp Howard clinic. It's a mental
institution. Your husband ought to be a permanent resident darlin'.
Are you on a plane?
I'm, I'm headed your way. Listen,
I need to see the room. I want you to uh,look around. I want to see everything.
[Music Playing]
But, is there anything you can do, or?
I understand sir, but unfortunately
we cannot rent you a vehicle without a valid driver's licence.
I just, I just, I just don't have it with me right now is all and I have a real important job interview.
And I do hope you get that job. What I can do is arrange a cab for you, perhaps a friend can overnight your license while I hold the reser.
Sir.
Thanks.
[Music Playing]
Where are you?
Still at the airport.
What are you doing?
Renting.
Hey yo. Come on.
[Music Playing]
No, twist to the left. Slowly.
Okay, now see if you can find the empty space in there.
Dylan, I can't do this. I feel like a
four year old.
You can do it, just relax. Safe Fort Knox is your simple locks.
Oh um, turn here.
Where'd you learn to do all this stuff anyway?
Mm, school mostly.
I was wondering what you guys did in shop.
Oh, I bet you took ballet, or tea appreciation or something.
Oboe.
Haha.
Holy shit. Holy shit.
Hot damn.
That took me a week to learn that. You're a natural born criminal.
I bet you say that to all the girls.
I'm close?
Yeah, I think so. Just keep going all the way through town. It's right by the train tracks. You can't miss it.
Okay. I'll find it. Time to get a move on now. Uh, anybody in the hall?
Um,
yes.
Wait til she leaves the hall.
Check.
Nervous?
Listen, when you
get out of there um, you ever seen Canada?
Why? What did you have in mind?
I
thought maybe you'd like to have a romance at some exotic setting.
Go for it. Just walk like you know where you're going.
>Phh.
[Music Playing]
Oh, Je.
Do you have any idea where I am?
No, get back on the main street.
Not a good idea.
Shit.
Turn off the engine and show me your hands.
[Music Playing]
Here goes nothing.
[Music Playing][Police Sirens]
[Music Playing]
God. Oh my god. Oh my god.
Dylan I can't talk to him. I can't.
Becky, calm down. You can do this.
Okay.
Okay. I'm just going to walk past him.  I'll be fine.
Rebecca? What are you doing?
Aahh.
Oh.
I told you I couldn't talk
to him.
Go, Becky, just go.
Call security.
Becca!
[Music Playing]
He's gone.
The woods. The woods, go.
[Music Playing]
Hear that train?
Yes.
Run for it. [Music Playing]
[Music Playing]
I'm here.
Where?
Where? Where?
Here.
There's an
open box car. See it?
Where?
This red box car right here. Red box car. See it?
Yes.
Okay, go.
[Music Playing]
Come on.
AAgh.
Ah, Ah.
This is going to be so weird.
[Music Playing]